{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Fontin-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26480\viewh14580\viewkind1
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Faire Play: The Harvest Festival \'97 Instructions and Information\

\b0\fs24 DO NOT DISCUSS YOUR CHARACTER DETAILS OR SHOW YOUR PAPERS TO OTHER PLAYERS BEFOREHAND!\
\
This is a live action role playing game. It\'92s like one of those murder mystery parties, except it doesn\'92t revolve around a murder, and we\'92ll be playing as we enjoy the Renaissance Faire!\
\
Everybody is playing a character. Stay in character! It\'92s more fun for everyone if we act the part. Of course we\'92ll still be enjoying the faire\'97your characters need to eat and be entertained too.\
\
The game takes place in a medieval fantasy setting in England. More info is on your character sheet.\
Everyone\'92s playing, except for The Bard who will help run the game. Ask The Bard any questions about the game.\
\
The most important skill is being able to hold a conversation, in character, with other players! You will need to talk to them to find out who they are, whether they will help you, or whether they will oppose you. Information is key! You won\'92t get anywhere without talking to many other players and figuring out who they are and what they want. Tell the truth, lie, do what you need to do to accomplish your goals.\
\
You have a few abilities to give you an advantage in certain situations. Use them! Leftover abilities count for nothing. Remember abilities will also be used against you! Be sure to read the cards, many get torn up after use.\
You also have some items! You can trade these freely, and some have instructions for use. Trade to further your goals! Unless explicitly called out on cards, the only items that count for game purposes are represented by cards (e.g. if you have a sword, it doesn\'92t count as a sword in the game).\
\
Do your best to remember important information from your character sheet, but don\'92t be afraid to refer to it throughout the game!\
\
On the day of the faire, you\'92ll need to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Show up on time! We need everyone to play, and it wasn\'92t easy to make!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Wear your costume (obviously)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Have a pocket (you need to put your cards somewhere, and maybe a pen)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Re-read your character sheet before arriving (optional, but encouraged!)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
The Bard will bring your character sheet, cards, this sheet, and a pen.\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0
\cf2 And have fun!\
\

\b\fs28 Tips\
\pard\pardeftab560\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\li719\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 You decide
\b0  who to talk to and when, what you will tell them, and whether what you tell them is true. The same applies to everyone else\'97and their goals may or may not align with your own!\

\b Be your character
\b0  as you play in this fictional setting (inside a real setting)! Meet and interact with the other characters and try to achieve your goals. Get into it!\

\b To enjoy this game
\b0  all you need is a sense of fun, to strike up conversations with other people, and the willingness to pretend to be someone else for an afternoon!\

\b Read your character sheet!
\b0  It explains who you are, who you know, and what your objectives are. Remember it describes what you 
\i believe
\i0  at the start, but it might turn out not to be true! Keep your sheet handy and don\'92t be afraid to refer to it during the game.\

\b Your goals
\b0  describe your objectives. You should attempt all of them throughout the game, but you may not achieve all of them (other characters are as likely to be working against you as to be working with you!).\

\b Re-read your character sheet
\b0 , keeping your goals in mind\'97and which other characters to talk to first in order to achieve your goals.\

\b Introduce yourself
\b0 . When we start playing, you\'92ll need to talk to people while pretending to be your character. A great place to start is to introduce yourself as your character. If you know nothing about them, ask who they are and why they\'92re here. If you do know something (from your character sheet, or other conversations) you might ask about that.\

\b Find your friends and enemies
\b0 ! Some people will help you, and some will oppose you. Identify both! Remember that swapping favors can go a long way.\

\b Abilities
\b0  can help you achieve your goals! Details are on your cards. Most have limited uses, so make them count! That said, do use them\'97there\'92s no reward for leftover uses.\

\b Act the part!
\b0  Don\'92t talk about movies or current affairs or anything that isn\'92t a part of the fantasy universe or the faire! It\'92s much more fun if everyone maintains the illusion that we\'92re actually these characters at a faire. Don\'92t worry, it\'92s only a few hours.\

\b Enjoy the faire!
\b0  Your goals are important, but the faire is full of spectacle to enjoy, oddities to peruse, fine clothing to don, and fare to partake of\'97so don\'92t miss out, or miss opportunities to further your goals at the same time!\

\b Re-read your character sheet
\b0  during the game if you run out of leads. If you accomplish all of your goals (impressive!), make sure nobody can undo your hard work!\

\b Have fun! 
\b0 That\'92s whole point! Making it fun for someone else can be fun too.}